---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_kafka_sender_queue_binding Data Source - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Queue Binding sends messages from a local Solace Queue to a remote Kafka topic.
  The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.36.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_kafka_sender_queue_binding (Data Source)

A Queue Binding sends messages from a local Solace Queue to a remote Kafka topic.



The minimum access scope/level required to perform this operation is "vpn/read-only".

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.36.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `kafka_sender_name` (String) The name of the Kafka Sender.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".
- `queue_name` (String) The name of the Queue.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only".

### Read-Only

- `ack_mode` (String) The number of acks required from the remote Kafka broker. When "none" messages are delivered at-most-once. When "one" or "all" messages are delivered at-least-once but may be reordered. This must be configured as "all" for an idempotent Kafka Sender, otherwise the Queue Binding will be operationally down.

This corresponds to the Kafka producer API `acks` configuration setting.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"all"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"none" - No Acks.
"one" - Leader Ack Only.
"all" - All Replica Acks.
</pre>
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable this queue binding of the Kafka Sender.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `partition_consistent_hash` (String) The hash algorithm to use for consistent partition selection.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"crc"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"crc" - CRC Hash.
"murmur2" - Murmer2 Hash.
"fnv1a" - Fowler-Noll-Vo 1a Hash.
</pre>
- `partition_explicit_number` (Number) The partition number to use for explicit partition selection.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `0`.
- `partition_random_fallback_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable fallback to the random partition selection scheme when the consistent partition scheme is being used but no partition key is available for the message. When enabled a random partition will be selected for each unkeyed messages, otherwise some partition will be selected for groups of unkeyed messages.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `true`.
- `partition_scheme` (String) The partitioning scheme used to select a partition of the topic on the Kafka cluster to send messages to.

This corresponds to the Kafka producer API `partitioner.class` configuration setting.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"consistent"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"consistent" - Select a consistent partition for each key value. A hash of the key will be used to select the partition number.
"explicit" - Select an explicit partition independent of key value.
"random" - Select a random partition independent of key value.
</pre>
- `remote_key` (String) The Substitution Expression used to generate the key for each message sent to Kafka. This expression can include fields extracted from the metadata of each individual Solace message as it is taken from the Solace Queue.

If empty, no key is included for each message as it is published into Kafka.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `remote_topic` (String) The Kafka Topic on the Kafka Cluster to send each message taken from the Solace Queue to.

If empty, the Queue Binding will not be operational.

The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is "vpn/read-only". The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is "vpn/read-write". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
