---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_msg_vpn_kafka_receiver Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Kafka Receiver receives messages from a Kafka Cluster.
  A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.36.
  The import identifier for this resource is {msg_vpn_name}/{kafka_receiver_name}, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.
---

# solacebroker_msg_vpn_kafka_receiver (Resource)

A Kafka Receiver receives messages from a Kafka Cluster.



A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "vpn/read-only" is required to perform this operation.

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.36.

The import identifier for this resource is `{msg_vpn_name}/{kafka_receiver_name}`, where {&lt;attribute&gt;} represents the value of the attribute and it must be URL-encoded.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `kafka_receiver_name` (String) The name of the Kafka Receiver.
- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

### Optional

- `authentication_basic_password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the Username. To be used when authentication_scheme is "basic". This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions in note 4 (refer to the `Notes` section in the SEMP API `Config reference`). Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `authentication_basic_username` (String) The username the Kafka Receiver uses to login to the remote Kafka broker. To be used when authentication_scheme is "basic". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `authentication_client_cert_content` (String, Sensitive) The PEM formatted content for the client certificate used by the Kafka Receiver to login to the remote Kafka broker. To be used when authentication_scheme is "client-certificate". Alternatively this will be used for other values of authentication_scheme when the Kafka broker has an `ssl.client.auth` setting of "requested" or "required" and KIP-684 (mTLS) is supported by the Kafka broker. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions in note 4 (refer to the `Notes` section in the SEMP API `Config reference`). Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is `""`.
- `authentication_client_cert_password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the client certificate. To be used when authentication_scheme is "client-certificate". Alternatively this will be used for other values of authentication_scheme when the Kafka broker has an `ssl.client.auth` setting of "requested" or "required" and KIP-684 (mTLS) is supported by the Kafka broker. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions in note 4 (refer to the `Notes` section in the SEMP API `Config reference`). Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is `""`.
- `authentication_kerberos_keytab_content` (String, Sensitive) The base64-encoded content of this User Principal's keytab. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions in note 4 (refer to the `Notes` section in the SEMP API `Config reference`). Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is `""`. Available since SEMP API version 2.40.
- `authentication_kerberos_keytab_file_name` (String) The name of this User Principal's keytab file. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is `""`. Available since SEMP API version 2.40.
- `authentication_kerberos_service_name` (String) The Kerberos service name of the remote Kafka broker, not including /hostname@REALM. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`. Available since SEMP API version 2.40.
- `authentication_kerberos_user_principal_name` (String) The Kerberos user principal name of the Kafka Receiver. This must include the @&lt;REALM&gt; suffix. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is `""`. Available since SEMP API version 2.40.
- `authentication_oauth_client_id` (String) The OAuth client ID. To be used when authentication_scheme is "oauth-client". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `authentication_oauth_client_scope` (String) The OAuth scope. To be used when authentication_scheme is "oauth-client". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `authentication_oauth_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The OAuth client secret. To be used when authentication_scheme is "oauth-client". This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions in note 4 (refer to the `Notes` section in the SEMP API `Config reference`). Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `authentication_oauth_client_token_endpoint` (String) The OAuth token endpoint URL that the Kafka Receiver will use to request a token for login to the Kafka broker. Must begin with "https". To be used when authentication_scheme is "oauth-client". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `authentication_scheme` (String) The authentication scheme for the Kafka Receiver. The bootstrap addresses must resolve to an appropriately configured and compatible listener port on the Kafka broker for the given scheme. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"none"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"none" - Anonymous Authentication. Used with Kafka broker PLAINTEXT listener ports.
"basic" - Basic Authentication. Used with Kafka broker SASL_PLAINTEXT and SASL_SSL listener ports.
"scram" - Salted Challenge Response Authentication. Used with Kafka broker SASL_PLAINTEXT and SASL_SSL listener ports.
"client-certificate" - Client Certificate Authentication. Used with Kafka broker SSL listener ports.
"kerberos" - Kerberos Authentication.
"oauth-client" - Oauth Authentication. Used with Kafka broker SASL_SSL listener ports.
</pre>
- `authentication_scram_hash` (String) The hash used for SCRAM authentication. To be used when authentication_scheme is "scram". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"sha-512"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"sha-256" - SHA-2 256 bits.
"sha-512" - SHA-2 512 bits.
</pre>
- `authentication_scram_password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the Username. To be used when authentication_scheme is "scram". This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions in note 4 (refer to the `Notes` section in the SEMP API `Config reference`). Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `authentication_scram_username` (String) The username the Kafka Receiver uses to login to the remote Kafka broker. To be used when authentication_scheme is "scram". Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `batch_delay` (Number) Delay (in ms) to wait to accumulate a batch of messages to receive. Batching is done on a per-partition basis.

This corresponds to the Kafka consumer API `fetch.max.wait.ms` configuration setting.

Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `500`.
- `batch_max_size` (Number) Maximum size of a message batch, in bytes (B). Batching is done on a per-partition basis.

This corresponds to the Kafka consumer API `fetch.min.bytes` configuration setting.

Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `1`.
- `bootstrap_address_list` (String) Comma separated list of addresses (and optional ports) of brokers in the Kafka Cluster from which the state of the entire Kafka Cluster can be learned. If a port is not provided with an address it will default to 9092.

This corresponds to the Kafka consumer API `bootstrap.servers` configuration setting.

Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the Kafka Receiver. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
- `group_id` (String) The id of the Kafka consumer group for the Receiver.

This corresponds to the Kafka consumer API `group.id` configuration setting.

Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `group_keepalive_interval` (Number) The time (in ms) between sending keepalives to the group.

This corresponds to the Kafka consumer API `heartbeat.interval.ms` configuration setting.

Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `3000`.
- `group_keepalive_timeout` (Number) The time (in ms) until unresponsive group members are removed, triggering a partition rebalance across other members of the group.

This corresponds to the Kafka consumer API `session.timeout.ms` configuration setting.

Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `45000`.
- `group_membership_type` (String) The membership type of the Kafka consumer group for the Receiver. Static members can leave and rejoin the group (within group_keepalive_timeout) without prompting a group rebalance.

This corresponds to the Kafka consumer API `group.instance.id` configuration setting.

Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"dynamic"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:

<pre>
"dynamic" - Dynamic Membership.
"static" - Static Membership.
</pre>
- `group_partition_scheme_list` (String) The ordered, comma-separated list of schemes used for partition assignment of the consumer group for this Receiver. Both Eager ("range", "roundrobin") and Cooperative ("cooperative-sticky") schemes are supported. The elected group leader will choose the first common strategy provided by all members of the group. Eager and Cooperative schemes must not be mixed. For more information on these schemes, see Kafka documentation.

This corresponds to the Kafka consumer API `partition.assignment.strategy` configuration setting.

Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"range,roundrobin"`.
- `metadata_topic_exclude_list` (String) A comma-separated list of POSIX.2 regular expressions. Commas within each regular expression must be escaped as double commas. Any matching topic names will be ignored in broker metadata. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `""`.
- `metadata_topic_refresh_interval` (Number) The time between refreshes of topic metadata from the Kafka Cluster. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `30000`.
- `transport_tls_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable encryption (TLS) for the Kafka Receiver. The bootstrap addresses must resolve to PLAINTEXT or SASL_PLAINTEXT listener ports when disabled, and SSL or SASL_SSL listener ports when enabled. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `false`.
